robert zemeckis won the best director
oscar for what 1994
phil hey forrest gump b speed c
pulp fiction you put
forest gump i think that's 1994.
forest gump I think that's 1994.
i can't imagine speed winning anything
because it's actually a terrible film
and tarantino did
pulp fiction correct answer is
uh it goes right before it's gone step
closer home well done chase's put
yeah the first uh big team up between
hanks and zebekus
yep and uh he made his name roberson
mecus with his beloved back to the
future trilogy before moving on to
very good this sort of stuff excellent
here's your next question
[Music]
turn key is an old-fashioned name for
what occupation
a locksmith b clock maker c prison
officer
[Music]
you've put prison officer
yeah i knew this one turnkey correct
yeah I knew this one turnkey correct
answer is
it is prison officer well done step
closer home chase chasers put
yeah it goes up could be any i've never
heard of that i've heard of a turnkey
property but i've never heard of that
term
his next question very good
grayson perry's the earl of essex is a
portrait of which reality tv star in the
style
of a 17th century miniature a ryland
clark
neil b james argent c mark wright
you've put rylan clark neal
i was kind of hoping joey essex had come
up might be a bit obvious but i have no
up might be a bit obvious but I have no
idea it's a guess correct answer is
it is rylan clark veal well done step
closer home chase is put
goes wrong with mark right that's good
for us game opens up here's your next
question
[Music]
a desirable extra can be described as
being the
what on top a blackberry b cherry c
raspberry you've put
cherry yeah yeah pretty hard quite easy
yet correct answer is
it is cherry well done step close to
home chase is put
goes also with cherry no problem and
remains the four behind we're one from
home get this right you've had three
goes to 36 grand you're very good player
here's your question
[Music]
in the sitcom friends ross's pet marcel
was
what type of monkey a capuchin a b
a macaque or c a vervet
[Music]
you've put cappuccin yeah a little black
and white one wasn't it i think
and white one wasn't it I think
to go through with nine grand then
correct answer is